docs: updates to github action guide (#5212)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: docs/guides/continuous-integration/github-actions.mdx

Below we extend the previous example by adding the `container` attribute using a
[Cypress Docker Image](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-docker-images)

> built with Google Chrome `107`. This allows us to specify a browser version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
built with Google Chrome `107`. Specifying a browser version allow our tests to execute
```

Below we extend the previous example by adding the `container` attribute using a
[Cypress Docker Image](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-docker-images)

> built with Google Chrome `107`. Specifying a browser version allow our tests to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
built with Google Chrome `107`. Specifying a browser version allows our tests to
```

        with:
          # Disable running of tests within install job
          runTests: false

>           build: npm run build

Reviewer 2: The video in this section refers to the [RWA repo](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-realworld-app) and this uses Yarn.

Are you OK with diverging from RWA by specifying npm here?

Author: Yes. We're slowly moving our examples/docs from yarn to npm for simplicity.

jobs:
  install:
  # ...
  # ... omitted install job

  ui-chrome-tests:
  cypress-run:
    runs-on: ubuntu-22.04

>     container: cypress/browsers:node12.18.3-chrome87-ff82

Reviewer 2: If you remove the container, then users may follow this example and run into the open issue 
- https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/25040

I added the follow text to the GHA [readme](https://github.com/cypress-io/github-action#parallel)

"During staged rollout of a new GitHub-hosted runner version, GitHub may provide a mixture of current and new image versions used by the container matrix. It is recommended to use a [Docker image](#docker-image) in the parallel job run which avoids any Cypress Cloud errors due to browser major version mismatch from the two different image versions. A [Docker image](#docker-image) is not necessary if testing against the default built-in Electron browser because this browser version is fixed by the Cypress version in use and it is unaffected by any GitHub runner image rollout."

Author: Thanks for the heads up. In this particular example they won't run into the issue because it will use the electron browser. However, I'll expand the section below on using the same containers to include this recommendation if they are using other browsers

3. Organizing and consolidating multiple `cypress run` calls by labeled groups
   into a single report within [Cypress Cloud](https://on.cypress.io/cloud). In
   the example above, we use the `group: "UI - Chrome"` option to organize all
   UI tests for the Chrome browser into a group labeled "UI - Chrome" in the
   [Cypress Cloud](https://on.cypress.io/cloud) report.

## Cypress Real World Example with GitHub Actions

A complete CI workflow against multiple browsers, viewports, and operating

> systems are available in the **Cypress Real World App**.

Author: ```suggestion
systems is available in the **Cypress Real World App**.
```
